
what am I going to do with this?

when I'm scheduling a task, I will usually be doing it on a computer.
actually it might be easier if I just did it on my phone.
I should program it to make it easier for me to do it on my phone.
will have to give it nice UI
so when I'm like I wanto to do this in the future, I can just put that in there,
but if I don't have a specific due, it won't schedule.
what if I made a mistake on the input? I mean, the chances having a conflict on that level
I believe will be super rare, so maybe it will just bring up a conflict solve request.
then what is the priority for? 
when I try and reschedule for something, 

Let's think of a user story.

I want to schedule a task
I open app.
maybe I get greeted. or not to reduce friction
I have my options for adding task/ event and stuff
I choose event
I input the date and time that it will happen.
I get a conflict because it overlaps with work.
I then choose what event to choose. Or re-edit the task since it might have been a mistake.

I guess priority will come in handy when scheduling tasks without starts.
yeah for events, I guess I want to be able to schedule them


Thinking about UI

First, I want to be able to see the must do and to do.
then I want to be able to add new tasks to the database.
I also want to be able to terminate a task when I'm done. Say goodbye


OK so adding/editing tasks.
what is the difference?

place that I get original task is different.
new -> initializedTask
edit -> taskIndex/id

I insert the info to html. that's the same.
question 1: am I going to make a default task, or just make the html inputs as default?

I edit the task. That's also same.

but when saving, new Task gets pushed to data base(gains id at this point) while edited task gets replaced.

2026-03-30

All task boxes (buttons of tasks) are in a div as the original object is in a list of some sort
so the index of the list corresponed to the index of the box in the div

That object could be a scheduled version of the task or the original task.

My original plan was to only look at the task in the DB, but that has limits when dealing with repeated tasks
And yeah, google cal deals with that nicely. Just try and copy how google calendar does it. For the calender portion. editing tasks shouldn't be that bad at this point, since we got most of the functions we need.

real question is getting the logic to work.
But before that, we have a couple more ui problems to deal with like dependancies and components.
and for that we need lists too. But once we get that down we are good to go(i think).